FAQ


1. What should be the format of the submission file for Task 1?

csv, with fields as:
hmid,agency,social


2. There are 2 subtasks(semi-supervised and unsupervised) specified in the shared task. Do participants have to do both - or is one of them okay?

Since Task 2 is open ended, we encourage participants to use it, at the very least, to descibe their solution approach for Task 1, or the insights which their solution approach provided about the dataset. 


3. What needs to be submitted by Oct 15? What if my system design changes in the interim period.

Title and abstract tentatively describing the system design. It's ok if you change your approach later on. 


4. What’s the format and minimum pages of the paper (Shared Task Report)?
 
 No minimum pages; maximum page limit of 10 pages. Please follow the LNCS publication guidelines. We'll be publishing an open-access proceedings at http://ceur-ws.org/HOWTOSUBMIT.html


5. What is the evaluation criteria for Task 1 and Task 2?

Evaluation (Task 1): Accuracy, AUC, F1

Evaluation (Task 2): Subjective, based on qualitative characteristics.


6. Should the submission file for Task 1 be sent directly to email?

 We've added a new field to EasyChair to let you submit your system runs there. In case that doesn't work, you can email us.


7. How many runs (prediction sets) can we submit for the Cl-Aff test set (Task 1)?

A maximum of ten, please.

 
8. What do we submit for task 2?

Results for Task 2 should be a part of the main paper, we do not need any system runs for those.


9. Is the peer review of submissions blind? What is the process of the peer review?

It will not be blind -- we will send around the pdf assignments and participants will submit their feedback. Everyone will know who got their paper and who reviewed their paper.


10. Can we utilize the happyDB (https://github.com/rit-public/HappyDB) for training our models?

The unlabeled and labeled training data posted on Git is actually the pre-released HappyDB data.


11. What is the rationale used when the labels for agency and social are given?

Please check our documentation at https://github.com/kj2013/claff-happydb/tree/master/docs. The labels were chosen based on inter-coder agreement, so there is only a consensus, not a ground truth. It is even possible that you don't agree with the majority.
